[move-2024] Add documentation for loops, labels, and nested uses. (#16655)
MystenLabs/sui: external-crates/move/documentation/book/src/uses.md

}
```

> ### Multiple aliases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multiple Aliases
```
I believe the rest of the book uses title case for these headings. The following ones should, too.

use std::option::{Self as option};
```

> ### Multiple aliases for the same definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multiple Aliases for the Same Definition
```

}
```

### Nested imports

> You can also import multiple names at once in Move, using nested imports. This will bring all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Move, you can also import multiple names with the same `use` declaration. This brings all
```

provided names into scope:

> ```move=

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```move
```

    use std::vector; // ERROR!
}
```
This allows you to shorten your import blocks in many situations. Note that these imports, as the

> ones above, are all subject to the naming and uniqueness rules described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
previous ones, are all subject to the naming and uniqueness rules described in the following sections.
```
